I
Morning do it hit the button now. I can't do it
They're close from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension future
You need a mnemonic device or something just hit the button already
Marty, please I love you sweetheart
I
These demonic alien spirits are really valuable
You okay, Morty? I told you not to trust that tuna. I just killed my family. I don't care what they were
I don't know Morty some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough. You know what Rick? That's it
I'm done with these insane adventures. That was really traumatizing. I quit. I'm out. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa come on Morty
Don't don't be like that the universe is a crazy chaotic place. You're the one that's crazy and chaotic
Adventures are supposed to be simple and fun. Oh, yeah, I'm already ever yeah
That's real easy to say from the sidekick position
But but how about next time you be in charge and then we'll talk about how simple and fun it is seriously Rick
You'll let me call the shots. Okay. Yeah, fine, but let's make it interesting Morty
If your adventure sucks and we bail halfway through it
You lose the right to bitch about all future adventures plus you have to do my laundry for a month. Okay?
Alright tough guy, but if my adventure is good, I get to be in charge of every third adventure every 10th deal
All right. Well, well come on. Let's get going dad the dishwasher is doing that thing again washing dishes
No, the opposite. Can you fix it? Can you help me with my science homework? Yeah?
Just don't do it. Hey Rick. You got some kind of handshaked device that can open this mayonnaise jar
Wow hat trick. All right, Morty. Let's put a pin in this. I gotta help your pathetic family
Oh, that sounds like something a chicken would say
Fuck you done did it this time. It's on I can't wait to watch your adventure lay a huge fart as for you dingdong
This is a me seeks box. Let me show you how it works. You press this
You make a request mr. Me seeks open Jerry's stupid mayonnaise jar
The me seeks fulfills the request
Wow, and then it stops existing. Oh my god. He exploded trust me. They're fine with it knock yourselves out
Just keep your request simple. They're not God's
Now everybody out of here
So many possibilities my mind is racing if we're gonna use this thing which I'm not even sure we should we need to keep it simple